com.ibm.bdtools.bidiFormatConfiguration: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.bdtools.bidiFormatConfiguration.feature: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.debug.egl.common: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.debug.egl.interpretive: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.debug.egl.tomcat: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.edt: pharmon@us.ibm.com
org.eclipse.edt.compiler: pharmon@us.ibm.com
org.eclipse.edt.compiler.core: pharmon@us.ibm.com
org.eclipse.edt.compiler.core.ide: pharmon@us.ibm.com
org.eclipse.edt.mof.egl: pharmon@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.edt.sdk: pharmon@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl: pharmon@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.batchgeneration: pharmon@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.buildparts.model: pharmon@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.buildparts.model.edit: pharmon@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.core: pharmon@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.core.ide: pharmon@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.debug.interpretive: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.deployment: jvincens@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.distributedbuild: jeffdouglas@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.feature: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.generators.cobol: jeffdouglas@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.interpreter: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.interpreter.was61application: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.iseries.integration: jvincens@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.jasperreport: zhengxil@cn.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.java: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.java.ast: jvincens@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.java.binaries: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.java.gen: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.java.runtime: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.javascript.gen: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.model: svihovec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.pagedesigner: huozz@cn.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.parteditor: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.pgm: pharmon@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.portlet.wizards: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.project.wizard: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.project.wizard.basic: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.project.wizard.portlet: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.project.wizard.rui: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.project.wizard.web: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.rcp.consoleui.player: mayunf@cn.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.resources: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.rui: svihovec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.rui.deploy: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.rui.deploy.j2ee: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.rui.deploy.tomcat: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.rui.deploy.was: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.rui.visualeditor: mayunf@cn.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.sql: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.systemv.generation.feature: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.systemz.generation: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.systemz.generation.feature: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.tui: mayunf@cn.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.ui: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.ui.bidi: alicec@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.uml.feature: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.uml.transform: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.uml.transform.jet.eglapp: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.uml.transform.model: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.uml.transform.ui: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.uml.ui: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.uml.ui.mdd: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.v6001migration: zhengxil@cn.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.v70migration: zhengxil@cn.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.vagenmigration: zhengxil@cn.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.vsenabler: jspadea@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.egl.wsdl: jvincens@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.examples.egl: tdramsey@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.i4gl.conversion: mayunf@cn.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.tpm.framework.feature: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.tpm.framework.transform.model: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.tpm.framework.ui: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.etools.tpm.framework.ui.mdd: mheitz@us.ibm.com
com.ibm.rational.application.developer.egl.activities: tdramsey@us.ibm.com
